README.md, before:

**npkg is a utility that generates cross-platform installation packages for NodeJS applications**


## Installation
    
To install node-package, use [npm](http://github.com/isaacs/npm):

        $ npm install -g npkg

## Dependencies

Java. If we want to shake Java we have to write custom installers for every type of OS. This also means the end user needs Java to run the installers. Feel free to submit a pull request if you come up with a better idea, Java FTL.

## Usage

        $ npkg -i <folder containing your package.json and app> -o <folder you want installers saved to>

Simple as that.

## Examples

You can view further examples in the [example folder.](https://github.com/wearefractal/npkg/tree/master/examples)

## LICENSE

(MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

folder restructure for windows compatibility - node_modules has to be in the same folder as node.exe apparently

README.md, after:

**npkg is a utility that generates cross-platform installation packages for NodeJS applications**


## Installation
    
To install node-package, use [npm](http://github.com/isaacs/npm):

    $ npm install -g npkg

## Dependencies

Java. If we want to shake Java we have to write custom installers for every type of OS. This also means the end user needs Java to run the installers. Feel free to submit a pull request if you come up with a better idea, Java FTL.

## Usage

    $ npkg -i <folder containing your package.json and app> -o <folder you want installers saved to>

Simple as that. If you did everything properly you will now be greeted with an epic success

    [npkg - info] Starting npkg.
    [npkg - info] Starting TestApp build
    [npkg - info] Packing and grabbing dependencies...
    [npkg - info] Downloading latest NodeJS stable/unstable releases...
    [npkg - info] Unpacking/packing/compressing/discombobulating...
    [npkg - info] Generating installer...
    [npkg - info] Converting to normal formats...
    [npkg - info] Finished!

## Examples

You can view further examples in the [example folder.](https://github.com/wearefractal/npkg/tree/master/examples)

## LICENSE

(MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
